Princess Ji
Why would you say such a thing to him?
That's all he had left.
Do you have to kill him to be satisfied?
I just don't want King Huai to be born in vain
I hope my patient
You don't need an amateur.
Princess Qi, if you are okay
Please don't come again
What right do you have to chase me
This palace is qualified
Princess Qi, get out of here
From now on
Never set foot in Huai Palace again
If you dare to harm my son again
Even if I survive this old life
I want to fight with you too
Come on, drive Princess Qi out of this palace
Don't do it.
Princess Chu
Please be more careful to cure the sixth brother
I misunderstood you before.
Sorry for my illness.
King Huai's condition can only be cured with 80% confidence
The premise is that he has to take good medicine.
Okay, okay, don't worry.
Ben Gong will watch Huai'er
OK
My sister-in-law
Oh, thank you kindly.
You should, thank you.
Princess Chu
Old Wu, you really found a good wife.
Yuan Qingling
Yuan Qingling, what's wrong with you?
Yuan Qingling Yuan Qingling, wake up Yuan Qingling